So here is a very cool security feature
called the VPC, Traffic Mirroring.
The idea is that we want to capture
and inspect network traffic in our VPC,
but to do it in a non-intrusive manner.
So to do so, we want to route the traffic
to security appliances that we manage.
And to do so, we're going to capture the traffic,
so we're going to define
which are the source ENIs
we want to capture the traffic from.
And then the targets,
so where do we want to send that traffic to,
our own ENIs or maybe a Network Load Balancer.
So to do an example.
So we have an EC2 instance
and we have an Elastic Network Interface,
so an ENI attached to it
and works really well.
Our EC2 instance is accessing the internet
and is being accessed.
And so we get a lot of inbound and outbound traffic
on the ENI to the EC2 instance.
But we wanted to analyze our traffic.
So to do so we're going to set up a Load Balancer
and behind this Network Load Balancer,
we're going to have an auto scaling group of EC2 instances
that will have some security software on it.
Now we want to be able to capture
all the traffic from Source A
without disrupting the functioning of Source A.
So to do so, we're going to set up a VPC traffic mirroring,
and optionally, we can have a filter,
if you want you to get just some information,
not everything.
And with this traffic mirroring feature,
all the traffic sent to the ENI or Source A
is also going to be sent to our Network Load Balancer.
So our Source A,
our EC2 instance is still working fine.
It still doesn't know what's happening,
but on top of it,
the traffic is being mirrored.
So hence the name, Traffic Mirroring,
into our Network Load Balancer.
And from there, we can analyze the traffic itself.
And this applies not just to one source,
but to multiple sources.
So if you had a second EC2 instance with another ENI,
yet again, we can mirror the traffic
into our Network Load Balancer.
So how does that work?
We need to have the source
and the targets to be in the same VPC,
or it could be across different VPC,
and if we have enabled VPC Peering.
So the use cases for VPC traffic mirroring
is going to be around content inspection,
threat monitoring, or troubleshooting
from a networking perspective, okay.
It's very hard to demonstrate this in a demo,
but this diagram should be enough.
So hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.